README.md, before:

# ThreeScale::API


This gem aims to expose all [3scale](http://3scale.net) APIs with a Ruby interface.


## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem '3scale-api'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install 3scale-api

## Usage


```ruby
require '3scale/api'
client = ThreeScale::API.new(endpoint: 'https://foo-admin.3scale.net', provider_key: 'foobar')

services = client.list_services
```

Get the whole list of methods available from [the RDoc site](http://www.rubydoc.info/gems/3scale-api/ThreeScale/API/Client).

## Design

Design decisions:

* 0 runtime dependencies
* thread safety
* tested

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an 
interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

## Testing

To run tests run `rake` or `rspec`.

There are two kinds of tests: unit (see [spec/api](spec/api)) and integration (see [spec/integration](spec/integration)).

For running the integration tests you will need to have a real 3scale account, you can set the details of the account 
via environment variables. 
The easiest way to set everything up is it to have a `.env` file in the root of the project with the following 
environment variables (set your own values):

```
ENDPOINT=https://your-domain-admin.3scale.net
PROVIDER_KEY=abc123
VERIFY_SSL=true (by default true)
```

**Note:** for the tests to pass the following requirements need to be met:
- the field `billing_address` should be added to the Account model in **Settings > Fields Definitions**

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. 
To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, 
which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to
[rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/3scale/3scale-api-ruby.

Commit message:

Add more detail on setup of Integration Testing to README.md

README.md, after:

# ThreeScale::API


This gem aims to expose all [3scale](http://3scale.net) APIs with a Ruby interface.


## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem '3scale-api'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install 3scale-api

## Usage


```ruby
require '3scale/api'
client = ThreeScale::API.new(endpoint: 'https://foo-admin.3scale.net', provider_key: 'foobar')

services = client.list_services
```

Get the whole list of methods available from [the RDoc site](http://www.rubydoc.info/gems/3scale-api/ThreeScale/API/Client).

## Design

Design decisions:

* 0 runtime dependencies
* thread safety
* tested

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an 
interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

## Testing

To run tests run `rake` or `rspec` in the context of the bundle using:
`bundle exec rake` or `bundle exec rspec`

There are two kinds of tests: unit (see [spec/api](spec/api)) and integration (see [spec/integration](spec/integration)).

### Setting up Integration Testing
The integration tests run against an instance of 3scale (using the API Manager). 
To run them you will need to have a 3scale account on that 3scale instance. 
You pass the account credentials to the Integration tests via environment variables, 
consisting of the `ENDPOINT` which is your Admin Console login URL, and `PROVIDER_KEY`.

The value for `PROVIDER_KEY` can be either a true provider key, or an access token. 

You can find the provider key for your account in the Account Settings area (cog icon at top right of UI) of the 
Admin Console when you are logged-in to your 3scale account on the instance. 
We recommend use of an access token as it can be more easily revoked. 
Access tokens can be created in the Account Settings area, under the Personal > Tokens area.

Once you have those values, the easiest way to set everything up is it to have a `.env` file in the root of the project with the following 
environment variables (set your own values):

```
ENDPOINT=https://your-domain-admin.3scale.net
PROVIDER_KEY=abc123
VERIFY_SSL=true # is 'true' by default
```

**Note:** Any value already set in your environment (exported to all sessions or previously set in the terminal session you are 
running the tests from) will take precedence over the values loaded from the `.env` file. So if you have either `PROVIDER_KEY` or
`ENDPOINT` set you should `unset` them before attempting to run the tests.

**Note:** for the tests to pass the field `billing_address` should be configured in your Account Settings in your 3scale account.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. 
To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, 
which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to
[rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/3scale/3scale-api-ruby.
